[docs] Add section about selecting large worker (#25252)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/eas-json.mdx

}
```

### Selecting resource class

> If your project requires extensive resources due to its complexity or size or if you want your builds to run faster, you can choose to run your jobs on `large` workers, which have access to a more powerful CPU and bigger memory. For more details on class-specific resources, see [Android](/eas/json/#resourceclass-1) and [iOS](/eas/json/#resourceclass-2) `resourceClass` property documentations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project requires extensive resources due to its complexity or size, or if you want your builds to run faster, you can use `large` workers to run your jobs. These workers have access to a more powerful CPU and bigger memory.
```

- Split the sentence as it was too long
- Remove the link to the resourceClass documentation and instead add those links in the next line when referencing each platform for what they are.
- Also, there is something missing from this section. In the example below, we providing examples for both `medium` and `large` but the section reads like it is only meant to focus on `large`. I'd suggest adding some context for normal resource class (as to what it is and what is the default class -- `medium`). This will make things clear instead of raising a confusion.

Author: Hmm, I think with links moved to `android.resourceClass` they lose the hint of providing more details (what exactly CPU / memory do people get when selecting which resource class), which is what I was going for here. Let me think what to do here

Author: How about this

https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/a0341402af5ee837784a5a6a94b46aad2dc3eabc/docs/pages/build/eas-json.mdx#L165

> To use workers of specific resource class in your project, add `[platform].resourceClass` property to your build profile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use workers of a specific resource class in your project, add [`android.resourceClass`](/eas/json/#resourceclass-1) or [`ios.resourceClass`](/eas/json/#resourceclass-2) property to your build profile:
```

> ```json eas.json

Reviewer: ````suggestion
{/* prettier-ignore */}
```json eas.json
````

{
  "build": {
    "production": {
      "ios": {
        "resourceClass": "large"
      },
      "android": {
        "resourceClass": "medium"
      }
    }

>     // ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     /* @hide ... */ /* @end */
```

  }

>   // ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   /* @hide ... */ /* @end */
```

}
```

> > Note: running jobs on `large` workers requires paid EAS plan. [Subscribe here](https://expo.dev/accounts/[account]/settings/billing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Running jobs on a `large` worker requires a paid EAS plan. [Subscribe here](https://expo.dev/accounts/[account]/settings/billing).
```

}
```

### Selecting resource class

> Resource class is the virtual machine resources configuration (CPU cores, RAM size) EAS Build provides to your jobs. By default, resource class is set to `medium` which is usually sufficient for both small and bigger projects. However, if your project requires more powerful CPU or bigger memory, or if you want your builds to finish faster, you can switch to `large` workers.
> 
> For more details on resources provided to each class, see [`android.resourceClass`](/eas/json/#resourceclass-1) and [`ios.resourceClass`](/eas/json/#resourceclass-2) property documentations. To run your build on a worker of specific resource class, configure this property in your build profile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource class is the virtual machine resources configuration (CPU cores, RAM size) EAS Build provides to your jobs. By default, the resource class is set to `medium`, which is usually sufficient for both small and bigger projects. However, if your project requires a more powerful CPU or bigger memory, or if you want your builds to finish faster, you can switch to `large` workers.

For more details on resources provided to each class, see [`android.resourceClass`](/eas/json/#resourceclass-1) and [`ios.resourceClass`](/eas/json/#resourceclass-2) property documentations. To run your build on a worker of a specific resource class, configure this property in your build profile:
```
